ADAPTED FROM THE NOVEL OF THE SAME NAME
BY ZHU YI ON WWW.JJWXC.NET
During the winter holiday,
first, stay safe.
Also, keep your emotions in check.
Don't just focus on having fun.
You're in your first year
of high school now.
But before you know it,
you'll be in the second year.
What's going to happen next?
Then, the third year will be here.
Are you going to spend three whole years
fighting for the college entrance exam
or just put in the last year's effort?
You can calculate it yourself.
The effort you put into your studies
will show in the results on exam day.
I was pretty impressive
when I was your age.
I started putting in the effort
back in my first year.
If you listen, it's on you.
If not, it's on me.
Class is over!
Why do you have so few textbooks?
I took most of them home a few days ago.
Even just a few days ago,
they were that few.
I started collecting them a few days ago.
I like to study like crazy at home.
You care so much about me?
Sang Yan, let's go play basketball!
Let's crush the guys
from No. 2 High School!
I'm not going. I'm heading home
and hitting the books.
Bro, did you catch some terminal illness?
Or are you suddenly having
a burst of energy to study?
Whatever happens, I'll give you a big hug.
Are you insane?
Get lost.
Where to? To the court?
I'm leaving!
Sang Yan!
You're not studying properly anymore,
not even playing basketball,
just learning how to stalk people, huh?
I am…
I am going to take the bus.
I live in the same direction.
How come I've never seen you on the bus?
So, you've been searching for me?
I just mean I don't remember.
Next time, look carefully.
Why should I look carefully?
So you won't miss out
the chance to go to school with me.
- Where do you live?
- What for?
Next time when I reach your stop,
I'll pay more attention.
3,068 DAYS
Sorry. I didn't know
what you all liked to eat.
So, I didn't get anything for you.
I remember
you don't like cilantro and garlic.
Thanks.
I don't like them either.
Sorry, I forgot.
Let me pick it out for you.
Xiang Lang,
you're like you're taking care
of two wives.
Dian, Qiao, and I
have been looking after each other
since kindergarten.
We've been used to it.
I often hear you guys
call Wen Yifan "Dian."
Is it her nickname from kindergarten?
Actually, it's a funny story.
Back in kindergarten,
she used to write "Yi"
in her name as four dots (Dians).
Put them together and it becomes
Wen "Dian Dian Dian Dian" Fan.
Wait, no.
It should be called
Wen "Dian Dian Dian Dian Dian."
"Fan" also has one dot.
Thanks.
Done or not?
It's fine.
Look at them.
Look at their family of three.
Dian, here.
Now look at us two.
Fine. Then I'll leave home.
Eat up.
Eating will shut you up.
After eating, we'll go to Overtime.
I reserved a private room for you.
It's a rotating turntable.
OVERTIME
Dian, do you think living
with Sang Yan would be miserable?
Why do you ask that?
He didn't even smile
while eating just now.
He looked like someone owed him a fortune.
Really?
I feel like he's pretty proud.
Isn't he always like this?
How about you live
at Xiang Lang's place instead?
What I mean is,
you swap places with Xiang Lang.
Let Xiang Lang live with Sang Yan.
I can do that.
Forget it. Too much trouble.
They're here.
Let's stop talking about this.
Come on, everyone.
Try our new products.
Yu Zhuo, introduce them.
This cup is for me.
It's called "Allergic to Work."
This cup is called "Paid to Slack off."
Thanks.
This cup is called "Why Overcompetition?"
This cup is called
"Reject False Promises."
- This cup is called…
- Wait a minute.
Who came up with these names?
I did. How's that?
- This cup is called…
- "Better off Skipping Work."
Let's play Truth or Dare.
What do you think?
Sure. But do you know how to play?
Who do you think
you're looking down on? Come on.
- I don't know how to play.
- No worries. We've got your back.
Xiang Lang,
you're the guest. You go first.
Here.
- Five sixs.
- Eight sixs.
Ten.
Start.
Start?
This is just the first round
and you're already calling me out?
Let's wait and see.
Here.
Nine sixs. Su Haoan,
you're off to a bad start.
Truth or Dare?
This is a weird one.
Dare.
Take a look.
Choose someone here…
and kiss them.
You're not chickening out, are you?
Who said I can't play?
I'll go all in. Bro, help me out!
Who else would I kiss if not you?
You've kissed Duan Jiaxu while
playing games in college, haven't you?
Really? You and Duan Jiaxu?
You know him, too?
You forgot I'm also from Nanwu University.
They're in the same department,
same class,
even the same dorm.
They're both Computer Science majors.
Well done! See? I'm brave enough to play.
Let's go. Next round.
Here.
Let's go… Next round.
- Six twos.
- Six threes.
- Seven threes.
- Start.
Start?
You're calling it so soon, Wen Yifan?
Truth or Dare?
Truth.
Then let me pick for you.
Tell us one good trait
about every man here.
Let's start with Su Haoan.
Rich.
What about Xiang Lang?
Smart, handsome, and considerate.
I thought you were only
supposed to say one?
What about Sang Yan?
Calm…
Quiet… Confident…
- Just confident.
- Too confident.
Twelve sixs.
Dian,
- don't be too eager…
- Fifteen sixs.
You really dare to call it?
I dare. Do you dare to open it?
What's there to be afraid of?
Open it.
Five sixs. You won!
Xiang Lang, I told you!
You fell for his trick.
Truth or Dare?
Truth.
Tell us one thing you regret the most.
The biggest regret?
It's probably studying abroad.
I was supposed to go to Yihe University
with Dian.
Why did you choose Yihe University?
I had already made plans
with someone else.
Dian was supposed to go
to Nanwu University with me.
Who knew she suddenly
went to Yihe University.
I had already applied
for the best program
at Yihe, Clinical Medicine,
but my parents insisted I go abroad.
Otherwise,
from kindergarten to university,
we would have been classmates
the whole time.
Real childhood sweethearts.
Let's continue.
Yes, let's continue.
Let's make this round more exciting.
We'll double the penalty for the loser,
both Truth and Dare. What do you think?
Six threes.
Ten fours.
Ten fives!
Fifteen…
Twenty sixs.
Start.
- I lost.
- Yeah, you finally lost.
No regrets in my life.
Come on, Truth and Dare.
Let's do truth first.
The last city you flew to?
What a boring question. Who cares?
Yihe.
You paid for the bill, right?
Let's split it three ways.
The front desk said Sang Yan already paid.
He did?
I thought Sang Yan
only gave a 90% discount
and he was so stingy.
Looks like I wrongly accused him.
How about we leave
a five-star review for him?
We can't take advantage of him for free.
I'll take a call.
Hello, Ms. Qian?
Okay, I got it.
I'll take care of it right away.
I got an urgent task.
I need to go home and finish an article.
Let me give you a ride.
You'll get home faster.
Sure.
Take care.
I'll take a few pictures for him.
Okay. Bye.
Bye.
Be careful on your way.
Okay. You take care, too.
Let's go.
Zhong Siqiao!
Why are you still here?
You already treated us.
Shouldn't I take some photos for you
and recommend it?
It's great.
Let me buy you another drink.
Wait a minute.
What's up?
Didn't we agree
we wouldn't drink together again?
Oh.
Right.
You drink then. You're the guest.
Or you drink. You just had a breakup.
Let the alcohol cure your sorrow.
One drink's enough.
I can't keep using alcohol
to drown my sorrows.
Let me ask you.
Don't you feel like
everyone's acting a little strange today?
Yeah, a little.
Let me ask you again.
Why didn't Wen Yifan
go to Nanwu University?
Her grades are so much higher.
I'm her good friend,
but I don't get it either.
I feel like she just wants
to keep her distance from everyone.
Even I haven't heard from her much.
I thought
when people grow up,
their feelings change.
I really hate this change.
Do you believe me?
Every time I date,
I hope the current one is the last.
But nowadays,
no one believes
that love should be timeless.
If you keep acting like this,
it'll put a lot of pressure
on your partner.
What's wrong with wanting
to spend a lifetime together?
Maybe you just haven't met
the right person yet.
It's you who hasn't met the right person.
Why are you pulling me into this?
I'd rather not date
than settle for the wrong person.
You're still not going home?
What about them?
They've gone back.
I want to ask you something.
You still like Wen Yifan, right?
I just feel like
you still have feelings for her.
That's why I tried
to set you up to be roommates.
I've said this so many times.
We're roommates, just roommates.
Enough.
I can tell you're not okay.
For example? What's not okay?
The way you looked at Xiang Lang.
You didn't like anything about him.
Weren't you jealous of him?
Are you insane?
Keep being stubborn.
I've seen you in this
awful state before, after all.
The last time
was the day the college
entrance results came out.
Do you still remember?
BEIYU
You've been
quite busy lately, haven't you?
I've been unable to reach you.
What happened to you?
Nothing.
My phone broke.
Why are you here?
Earlier, didn't we agree on this?
After the admission results come out,
I'd come to visit.
My results are in.
I got into Nanwu University,
Computer Science department.
Your grades are better than mine.
You'll easily get into
the program you want…
Sang Yan,
I didn't apply to Nanwu University.
- You're kidding, right?
- No.
Then, where did you apply?
Yihe University.
Why?
Why Yihe University?
I had already made plans
with someone else.
You came back so late.
Our parents will be concerned.
Do you want some jelly?
Haoan is already waiting for you.
Does Haoan want some jelly, too?
What about me?
Don't you want to say anything to me?
Well, I'll say it straight.
Sang Yan.
I really hate it,
and I really dislike it
that you always
come looking for me in Beiyu.
It's annoying
to come out to meet you every time.
Wen Yifan,
am I just your backup option?
Nanwu is closer to Beiyu.
So, I'll go somewhere farther away.
When I get to Yihe,
I hope you won't come looking for me
like this anymore.
You're back.
You didn't reply on WeChat
and didn't answer my calls.
Where have you been?
What are you doing here?
I got into Nanwu University.
Nanwu University!
What's your attitude about this?
Bro, think about it.
We can still be classmates!
You know how bad my grades were.
Getting into Nanwu University
will make my grandparents so happy!
You know what? When you said
you were going to Nanwu University,
I thought, how good is Nanwu University?
Still playing games?
Dian.
Nothing.
You're still the same as before.
It seems nothing matters to you,
and you're not interested
in anything.
I'm actually quite curious.
What exactly would it take
to get your attention?
It's not as exaggerated as you say.
Then tell me.
How's it been since you returned to Nanwu?
Pretty good.
Always "pretty good."
Every time I ask,
it's always "pretty good."
When I was abroad,
you were just as half-hearted.
In our group of three,
only Qiao and I were talking.
You always just replied something
like "okay," "yeah," "nice."
You never talk about your own stuff.
My life is pretty boring.
Even boring things can be talked about.
Our world is like this.
If we're happy, we laugh.
If we're sad, we cry.
You seem like someone
from a completely different world.
Dian,
can you promise me one thing?
What is it?
In the future,
if you encounter any difficulties,
tell me right away.
I don't want you to always shut me out.
Okay.
Can you explain one thing?
You always wanted to go
to Nanwu University.
Why did you end up
quietly switching to Yihe University?
Don't you feel regretful?
You know it's a regret,
then why bring it up again?
Hey, when are you two
going to Nanwu University?
Didn't I tell you? We're leaving tomorrow.
We did it!
- Shout it louder!
- We did it!
We did it!
One, two, three!
I will definitely
get into Nanwu University.
And I believe you will, too.
So, let's make a promise
to work hard together
and get into Nanwu University.
I will definitely
get into Nanwu University.
- I'll take your basketball.
- Why?
Why? Focus on studying!
Don't you want to get
into Nanwu University?
Didn't we agree to report?
I WON'T COME BACK TONIGHT
JUST LOCK THE DOOR
YOU REALLY KEEP YOUR PROMISES
OKAY
I WON'T COME BACK TONIGHT
JUST LOCK THE DOOR
OKAY
I WON'T COME BACK TONIGHT
JUST LOCK THE DOOR
OKAY
Zhang, we have eight topics
to choose from this time.
I'll do the first four with Yifan.
You two can do the rest.
SANG YAN:
NOT COMING BACK TONIGHT, LOCK THE DOOR
WEN YIFAN: OKAY
TO THE BATTLEFIELD
The potatoes here are really delicious.
Want to try a piece?
Your roommate finally replied
to your WeChat?
NOT COMING BACK TONIGHT
LOCK THE DOOR
OKAY
Yan, you're so early today.
Isn't school just starting?
It's the second year of high school.
If I go early, I can learn a bit more.
But I haven't even made breakfast yet.
I'll buy something on the way.
- I'm off.
- Take it easy.
Handsome, can I sit here?
Miss. Miss.
Thank you.
Wen Yifan.
There's a place there.
Why don't you sit?
If I sit for too long,
my legs will fall asleep.
NOT COMING BACK TONIGHT. LOCK THE DOOR
OKAY
SANG YAN: NOT COMING BACK
LOCK THE DOOR
WEN YIFAN: OKAY
Miss Wen, someone's looking for you.
She's waiting over there.
Jiang,
I thought you were still at Yihe.
How long have you been here?
Return the equipment first.
- Okay.
- Thank you.
Stay safe on your way!
I heard from Jia
that she saw you at the city hospital.
I saw your equipment bag
with the TV station logo on it.
So, I came over to try my luck.
What do you need me for?
It's Little New Year today, right?
And Spring Festival is almost here.
How about spending
New Year's Eve at my place?
Also, I want to introduce someone to you.
I'm fine on my own.
You don't need to worry about me.
That's not what I meant.
You'll understand when you get here.
Jia also asked me to invite you.
Looks like you got approval
from Zheng Kejia.
Um… I was worried about
your bad mood.
I didn't want it to affect your emotions.
That's why I first asked Jia.
- I'll go to work now.
- Jiang!
Are you…
Are you still mad at me?
I know that all these years,
I've owed you too much.
How… How can I make it up to you?
I've already forgiven you.
You had the right
to choose your happiness.
I'm fine now.
So,
does that mean
you'll come home for New Year's Eve?
I'll think about it.
Please go back. It's so cold out.
- Oh… Hey…
- Stay safe on your way!
When the time comes,
tell me what you want to eat, Jiang.
Let me know when you're off
for Spring Festival break!
Who is he?
Sang Yan. Can't you recognize him?
He's been sleeping for several days.
If he keeps this up,
he'll probably spend
the Spring Festival here.
Dian, I need to ask you.
Did you have an argument with Sang Yan?
No.
Then why has he been
sleeping at Overtime, not going back home?
He's been sleeping at Overtime?
Yes.
If Sang Yan bullies you,
you must let me know.
I won't let him off the hook.
You're overthinking.
- Come here.
- It's not that I think too much.
- What's wrong?
- It's just that you never tell me anything
about how you two get along.
We're not really getting along.
Actually, I think
we're more like
two strangers under one roof.
And we don't really talk much.
Dian, let's leave it at that. Bye then.
LOCK THE DOOR
Not coming back again?
OKAY
Thanks for helping
with the Overtime photoshoot.
No problem.
You can go back now.
No need to walk me out.
Do you always walk every girl home?
You're a girl.
It's not safe to walk home alone at night.
You're a guy.
Be mindful of what you say.
Don't act all macho.
You don't need to walk me out.
- My house is just up ahead.
- Qiao,
where are you going?
Why aren't you coming home?
Is that your friend?
Yeah, friend!
Hello!
Auntie, who's that?
Is that your boyfriend?
Stop making things up!
So, your house is around here?
Come in for tea!
- Don't be shy. Come in!
- Okay!
Stop looking.
You don't really want tea, do you?
Of course, I don't.
I just don't want them to overthink it.
That'll definitely make them think.
Well, I'm off now.
Goodnight.
Stop staring.
Naughty ones.
DEAR GRANDMA
Hey, Grandma.
Are you going home yet?
I miss you so much.
Haoan.
Do you have a girlfriend named…
- Her name is Wang Linlin.
- Really?
In a few days, I want to meet her.
Ah?
HAPPY NEW YEAR
Alright.
Okay.
Don't worry. I'll definitely alter
your voice for the media.
Yes.
Your privacy will be completely protected.
Okay, thanks.
Yifan.
Let me show you something fun.
Look.
That interview with your classmate
was featured in the news.
A netizen
compiled a popular news collection.
He included this clip too.
Who knew that it became so popular.
This classmate of yours
made it to the top ten
most popular figures online.
He even trended on social media.
With this clip of him,
our year-end review should be fine.
It really matches what I said,
that he was both amazing and miserable.
Now everyone calls him
"Handsome and Miserable."
You didn't even blur his face out?
Won't it affect him?
No. He signed a consent form.
Look at the comments.
Everyone is praising how handsome he is.
I'll go tell Ms. Liu.
Ms. Liu!
JIANG, HOW ABOUT I MAKE THESE DISHES
FOR YOU DURING THE HOLIDAY?
PREPARING FOR A FAMILY REUNION
SAFE AND HAPPY
Is there anything you want to say now?
Happy… I'm really happy. Happy…
I hope you can be as happy as I am.
Happy…
It's really interesting.
My sister and mom both like watching it.
They even sent this clip
to our big family group.
You scared me to death.
Why are you back?
I rented the apartment myself.
- Wouldn't it be a waste not to stay here?
- True.
But why didn't you
turn on a light at home?
- You're not going back for the holiday?
- It depends on my mood.
Why are there so many things here?
Aren't those two shelves all mine?
Drinking coffee
in the middle of the night?
You might not be able to sleep.
Where's my coffee?
I drank it.
It had already expired,
so I threw it away.
You can drink mine.
How much is it? I'll transfer it to you.
No need.
If I'm not here, help me
deal with the stuff in the fridge.
It can't be stored long anyway.
I don't like wasting things.
Let's just say we bought it together.
How much was it?
Just treat it as me
asking you for a favor.
Didn't we agree
that we'll split all the costs?
A favor?
What kind of favor?
Cleaning up the kitchen scraps?
LET'S CALCULATE IT
HOW MUCH DO I OWE YOU?
Twenty?
YOU OWE ME
When?
Dian, how do you plan
to spend the Spring Festival?
I haven't decided yet.
How about you come
to my place for the holiday?
Let's celebrate together.
Sure.
But I don't feel like running that far.
If you're spending the holiday alone,
won't it be boring?
I plan to sleep for three days and nights.
Make up for all the lost sleep
from all the overtime.
What about Sang Yan?
Is he going home for the holiday?
He'll definitely go home.
His family's local.
And he's not on bad terms with his family.
Why suddenly bring up Sang Yan?
It's just that you never tell me anything
about how you two get along.
We're not really getting along.
Actually, I think
we're more like
two strangers under one roof.
And we don't really talk much.
Six threes.
THE STORY IS NOT OVER YET…
Ten fours.
Ten fives.
Fifteen…
Twenty sixs.
What exactly are you shouting?
I've already self-destructed.
Just yell "open" and you win.
What's that look in your eyes?
Are you calling downward or opening?
Can't you see I've been helping you? Open.
Totally can't tell.
Can't you just say it directly?
Without me, you'd lose every round. Open.
So, does that mean…
Open.
You finally understood what I meant.
I lost.
Sang Yan, you finally lost.
No regrets in my life.
Come on, Truth and Dare.
HUGE THANKS TO EVERYONE INVOLVED
AND TO ALL THE FANS OF THE FIRST FROST!
TREAT YOURSELF WELL
AND THE WORLD WILL HOLD MORE LOVE FOR YOU!